my sorrow and professional grappler
already to start I had to fight
on June 14 in ukraine a belt in
world championship
and it's this case was canceled
postpone in september to dubai at which
I was in full training
preparation of more than three months already
and I fought on Saturday I did a
super fighter gravelines face
Marseille and who has been entrusted to that in
course in 78 then there are three-four
days ago white seghir keith paris
partners with me at cros faults
they give a phone call
windy city tour every their world at
someone for julien bloch
then I'm leaving what is it
that I do next I had the gall
grimaud he leaves a message on
facebook says I'm starting fight
but lucid 24,70 of amenity that me
answer I 'll see that he asks
Julian I hear from three o'clock and in
the answer of julien joker
I received as we know very well that he
is good bon bon bon judoka very good
net because it's complete it's a
competitor he has a lot of experience
he is a good opponent
two different styles that's fine
what am I going to do to him I know very
well what they want to do to me
now it's up to us to apply it
hides his customers that lyon julien he
is closer to melee a
judoka and I too like the
melee or force and sole on
will say what Julian since month and
finally it's the same he must think
that they are pedestrians is better than the
mine and he will be surprised at what will happen
pass because of complete malmanche
did I do it wider I picture
that I never do strategy thresholds
May strategies walk in my
always keep what I do not have
how to say I 'm good at fighting
is down after I'm not a penguin
to put blows but it's not the
overnight is better in feet
fists as my strengths and it will be
read you are the only one to say that it changes
not
at
professionals
I magnify them install where is already
a lot of competitors who are
professionals sitting fighting like a
cock like yorick's style is behind
we who believe in struggle
we have a lot of guys they are strong in
feet fist bound to the ground and the stuff
is that lopez very good strategy
to say that as soon as we have a fight there a
strategy in motion
he will put us opponents according to
lolo fighters we will face have
sparring on Mondays and Thursdays
2 pm to 4 pm it's really a
effect that would never ever prove a
other Russian club palmer that crosby I
speak for the mma course the level
sparring is really high while that
elsewhere when I was training at
flavio or in other pleads there
was not so much sparring at the cros
fight big flaw we find ourselves
all here all the guys who come from
chaput the difference to find here
to do when starring we come on monday
and Thursday is for sparring
it's not about exchanging techniques
or to put yourself in the mouth
put the protections and the ego 1h30
2h that miss paris
after I train in boxing at
the rain list
boxing with my pro coach pro
mohamed and ground now at
nicolas renier i have asian girls from
owls who beat chabal at bd
rameix and supports where it is
that I 'm going to face him at pfc and that
will be in April
louis madaule and meriem launched a challenge
will internet continue this frontals fmc
but it's not for me to put my
belt in play it's up to him to put his
belt in play but I won the
fight you have I judge his green belt
fight at the fmc that's for sure mine
at the zenith we go back down and if the
losers if they want me to face
yazici join the pfc I will face it
if they do not want it, it's okay
we
have evolved into crash already evolved into
against his portage and one to prove
I have the belt of 100 g the belt
option to seize the fmc cdd
better organization in France after
it's after the ps evokes the north pfc
should evolve in itself but that's
to see what I can still give
years and even with the time that remains
I'm 33 years old I'm happy with myself
today I've proven myself it's
true that I was at the bellator I hurt
made my entry but as they say I was
put a war machine in front
it's mickaël gasnier the check of 100
thousand dollars
magomed razumkov sunk on the cheeks
say no if I can go back there
why not and I was very, very bad
surrounded and it plays a lot the team
please me still last
Obviously I can what else
still want to please me
I love it's my passion and I know that
I know I can go far
now what am I going to do next
it's giving lessons jeanneney already in
big machine note
after I will really give really
of turnips pro coach mohamed tried
to open a school and after learning
to young people then show the knowledge finally
it's always in the sport and the
trust in me I'm still here
it's not because I hope I
will come back for fight lose for me
everyone loses a year when I lose
I'm disgusted just three days with
four themes but the pale refusal
who goes crazy in his head he fart
shot
now trust me I know
it's a job it's not past
it's very hard but you have to hang on
also what do I mean
future maturities have 70 g a
world championship in dubai in december
and that she knows from what follows
will see his efface not citizen if if the
beautiful bait